<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>glish.com : CSS layout techniques : nested float</title>

        <style type="text/css">
		@import "all.css"; /* just some basic formatting, no layout stuff */
		
		body {
			margin:20px 20px 0px 20px;
			}
		
		#main {
			border:1px solid #000; 
			background:#fff;
			}

/* Looks like you have to specify the width of #menu
or IE5 Mac stretches it all the way across the div, and 
Opera streches it half way. */

		#main #menu {
			border-left:1px solid #000; 
			border-bottom:1px solid #000;
			float:right;
			width:230px;
			background:#eee;
			margin:0px 0px 10px 10px;
			}
			
		p,h1,pre {
			margin:0px 10px 10px 10px;
			}
			
		h1 {
			font-size:14px;
			padding-top:10px;
			}
		
		#menu h1 { text-decoration:underline}
		#menu p { font-size:10px}
		#menu span { 
			text-decoration:underline;
			font-weight: bold;
			color: blue;
			padding: 0px 0px 10px 30px;
		}

        </style>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="main">
            <div id="menu">
                <h1>MENU</h1>

                <span>Section 1</span>
                <br/>
                <span>Section 2</span>
                <br/>
                <span>Section 3</span>
                <br/>
                <span>Section 4</span>
                <br/>
                <span>Section 5</span>
                <br/>
                <span>Section 6</span>
                <br/>
            </div>
            <h1>
                <a href="http://glish.com/css/home.asp">LAYOUT TECHNIQUES</a>: nested float
            </h1>
            <h1>A Liquid Layout</h1>

            <p>This page is based on an example in CSS Layout Techniques, from
                <a href="http://glish.com/css/home.asp">glish.com</a>, a resource for web developers and designers. We include it here to show how Flying Saucer handles liquid layouts--without XHTML tables!
            </p>

            <p>Your menu items go on the right side. Try resizing the browser window to see how the page reflows nicely--this is a liquid layout. The menu on the left is specified as floating, so the page should re-flow nicely when you resize the browser.</p>

            <p>This is a very simple layout that features a nested, floated menu in the upper right. Easily reversed. A variation of this technique is in use on the
                <a href="http://glish.com/css/home.asp">glish.com home page</a>.
            </p>

            <p class="greek">Conceptualizing random endpoints in a access matrix provides reach extentions enterprise wide. Respective divisions historically insignificant, upscale trendlines in a management inventory analysis survivabilty format. </p>

            <p class="greek">Document-centric projections unfetter traditional auditing practices rivaling central process management. Advanced functionality, easy administration, proclaim the hallmarks of unprecedented opportunity.</p>

            <p class="greek">Iteration systemwide engenders economies of scale, cross-media technology, presentation action items and life cycle replication.</p>

            <p class="greek">Enterprise engenderment accelerates initiative platforms, reducing staffing components, integration of technical accessibility, resulting in bottom line pluralisms, benefit-wise. Incidental re-sizing staff requirements through attrition can be accelerated by paridigm shifts and focusing on core suitability and cross-training. </p>

            <p class="greek">Marketing teams input produce cross purposing in view of goal alignments due to knowlege paucity, necessitating workflow education and orientation. Media sourcing as an acquistion strategy is counterproductive in a internet environment in virtual component methodology. Imaging through ideals rather than real world branding, is a perilous undertaking with negative results. Branding strategies generating motion as activity without reproducible results is a ultimately futile effort if left in place.</p>

            <p class="greek">Analysis of funding is inapproriate in this effort as assets are repurposed in statements who existance owe their identity to their obscurity. Obfuscation of responsibility underlines these offerings, whose primary function is to generate revenue and secondarily to shift accountability downstream.</p>

            <p class="greek">Syntactically valid structuring implemetation, enhancement based reporting, technology development, proprietary incedentals administration are all areas of content modularization engaging visibility deficits. Cyberliability managment procedures underlining perfomance degradation vouchsafing interdepartmental communication guideline infrastructure for evaluating content managment.</p>
            <br/><!-- This little BR is because IE5PC likes to ignore the margin-bottom on the last P above if it is the last element in the DIV-->
        </div>
    </body>
</html>